AW, IT'S BROKEN.
IT'S NOT BROKEN,
POINDEXTER.
EH, JIMMY.
YOU'VE JUST GOT
TO PUT IT TOGETHER.
YOU'LL SEE.
ELECTRIC SLOT CARS
ARE 100 TIMES MORE FUN
THAN VIDEO GAMES,
AND PUTTING THEM TOGETHER
IS HALF THE FUN.
COULD YOU HAVE
HALF THE FUN
FOR US, GRANDPA?
SURE.
I'M TELLING YOU,
YOU'RE OVERREACTING.
I STUNK.
THEY HATED ME.
NO, THEY DIDN'T.
COME ON. PEOPLE
WERE CLAPPING.
YEAH.
THEY WERE HISSING.
PROBLEM AT
THE TALENT SHOW?
IT WILL HAUNT
ME FOREVER.
Man: GET OUT
OF THERE!
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU?
Second man: SIT DOWN,
FINNERTY! SIT DOWN!
YOU'RE RUINING
THE WHOLE SHOW.
GET OUT OF HERE,
FINNERTY. GET OUT!
YOU STINK,
HAVE YOU NO SHAME?
I NEVER WANT
TO HEAR ANOTHER SONG
FOR THE REST
OF MY LIFE.
MAYBE
I SHOULD JUST
GO TALK TO HER.
NO, NO, NO.
BABY, WHAT SHE NEEDS
RIGHT NOW IS SPACE, OK?
BELIEVE ME.
SHE'S GOING TO
LOOK BACK ON THIS
AS A BETTER
THAN AVERAGE DAY.
I PROMISE YOU.
OK, SHE'S JUST
BEING DRAMATIC.
SHE'S GOOD.
I'VE NEVER SEEN LILY
THIS UPSET.
COME ON. WHAT ARE
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
SHE'S ALWAYS
THIS UPSET.
THESE ARE HER CDs,
SEAN.
SHE'S NOT DOING
TOMORROW NIGHT'S SHOW.
ALL RIGHT, MAYBE
THAT'S FOR THE BETTER.
MAYBE WE SHOULD QUIT
WHILE WE'RE AHEAD.
OUR DAUGHTER IS MISERABLE
AND HUMILIATED.
OK, WE'RE
NOT WAY AHEAD.
WHAT DID LILY DO?
DID SHE TEAR UP
A PICTURE OF THE POPE
OR SOMETHING?
NO.
GOOD. 'CAUSE
THAT'S BEEN DONE.
COME ON, MAN.
IT WASN'T EVEN
IN THAT LEAGUE,
BUT I'M NOT
SAYING IT WASN'T
CONTROVERSIAL.
DAD, SISTER HELEN
SAYS I CAN'T DO MY ACT.
WHAT?
SHE SAYS IT'S LEWD.
WHAT, YOUR LITTLE
SONG AND DANCE?
DAD, SHE SAYS IT'S
LEWD AND LASCIVIOUS.
LOOK--LOOK, LIL,
THESE NUNS, OK,
THEY--THEY HAVE
A QUOTA OF LEWDS
THEY HAVE
TO THROW OUT A DAY.
LIKE, UH,
"OH, SISTER AGNES."
"YES, SISTER MARGARET."
"TIS WONDERFUL WEATHER
WE'RE HAVING LATELY,
ISN'T IT?"
"OH, REALLY?
I FIND IT QUITE LEWD."
"OH, SO DO I.
OH, LOOK AT
YONDER SUNSET.
TIS BEAUTIFUL."
"I FIND IT LASCIVIOUS."
"OH, ME, TOO.
DOWN, SUNSET.
STOP IT, SUNSET."
SO ARE YOU
GOING TO HELP ME?
OK, I'LL TALK
TO SISTER HELEN FOR YOU.
OH.
AAH, GET INSIDE!
WHAT WAS SO LEWD?
WHAT, WAS SHE SHAKIN'
HER MONEYMAKER?
HEY, HEY, HEY.
THAT'S YOUR NIECE
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
EVERYBODY'S
GOT A MONEYMAKER.
WELL, LOOK,
FROM WHAT I'D SEEN
AT THE REHEARSAL,
THEY WEREN'T SHAKIN'
MUCH OF ANYTHING.
Lily:
* SO REFINED
* SO WOULDN'T YOU
LIKE TO KNOW *
* WHAT'S GOING ON
IN MY MIND? *
* SO LET ME GET RIGHT
TO THE POINT *
* I DON'T POP MY CORK
FOR EVERY-- *
THAT DOESN'T
SOUND VERY LEWD.
THAT'S WHY
I WAS SO UPSET,
AND I WAS ALREADY TICKED
OFF WITH SISTER HELEN
BECAUSE OF THIS DAMN
CHOCOLATE DRIVE.
THEY'RE GOING TO BUY
A BIGGER JESUS.
YEAH, AND THE MORE BOXES
OF CHOCOLATE WE SELL,
THE BETTER PRIZES
WE GET.
WELL, THEN YOU GUYS
BETTER START SELLING.
YOU KNOW WHO YOU
SHOULD START WITH
IS MRS. DALTON
UP THE STREET.
SHE LOOKS LIKE
SHE LIKES CANDY BARS.
Claudia:
SEAN.
I'M SORRY, BABY.
ACTUALLY, DAD, UM,
WE'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO SELL IN THE STREET.
THEY SAID IT'S NOT SAFE,
AND WE CAN'T
GO DOOR-TO-DOOR
OR IN STORES
OR UP TO CARS.
OR ANYWHERE
WHERE PEOPLE ARE.
WELL, WHO ARE YOU
SUPPOSED TO SELL
THEM TO?
ACTUALLY, I
DON'T REALLY KNOW,
BUT, UM, WE'RE
SUPPOSED TO HAVE
THE MONEY IN BY MONDAY.
OH, YOU KNOW,
I GET IT.
THEY EXPECT US
TO BUY IT.
THAT'S--YOU KNOW,
THAT'S OUTRAGEOUS.
ALL RIGHT,
HOW MUCH ARE THEY?
NO, NO, BABY, UH-UH.
LISTEN, WE PAY
THE TUITION, OK,
AND WE SUBJECT OUR CAR
TO THEIR SO-CALLED
CAR WASHES,
AND WE BUY THE UNIFORMS
FROM THE ONE APPROVED
STORE, McCAFFREY'S.
TELL ME THERE'S
NO KICKBACK THERE.
ALL RIGHT,
AND NOW THEY WANT MORE
SO THEY FORCE
THE CHOCOLATE ON US.
YOU KNOW? YOU KNOW
WHAT IT IS REALLY?
IT IS...
Both: OUR LADY OF
PERPETUAL SHAKEDOWN.
WELL, IT IS.
YOU KNOW, YOU GET
TOO WORKED UP ABOUT STUFF.
YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE A STROKE.
TOLD YOU.
YOU GOTTA LET IT GO.
LOOK--LOOK, THIS--
THIS SISTER HELEN
IS A CHOCOLATE PUSHER,
ALL RIGHT,
AND THEN SHE HAS THE GALL
TO BAN LILY'S ACT
FOR A COMPLETELY
BOGUS REASON.
MR. FINNERTY,
BIG SPENDER
IS A SONG
ABOUT PROSTITUTES.
THEY'RE NOT PROSTITUTES.
THEY'RE--THEY'RE
DIME-A-DANCE GIRLS.
PLEASE. THEY'RE
SELLING MORE
THAN DANCES.
OH, COME ON,
FOR A DIME?
LET'S HAVE A LOOK
AT THE LYRICS, HUH?
"I CAN SHOW YOU
A GOOD TIME.
"FUN, LAUGHS,
GOOD TIMES.
FUN, LAUGHS,
GOOD TIMES."
COME ON, SISTER HELEN.
HAS YOUR HEART
GROWN SO COLD
THAT THERE
IS NO ROOM LEFT
FOR FUN, LAUGHS,
OR GOOD TIMES?
THE SONG HAS A SUBTEXT,
MR. FINNERTY.
IT'S A SIMPLE
LITTLE SONG.
ABOUT PROSTITUTES.
IT'S A CLASSIC
OF THE BROADWAY STAGE.
IT'S NO
SOUND OF MUSIC.
OH, OF COURSE, YOU'RE
GOING TO PICK THAT ONE.
YOU'RE A NUN.
OK, THEN, IT'S
NO WEST SIDE STORY.
OK, THAT'S
A GOOD ONE, BUT, LOOK,
THE POINT IS THIS,
SISTER HELEN:
I'M LILY'S FATHER,
AND I'M NOT GOING
TO LET ANYTHING HAPPEN
THAT'S GOING TO HURT
HER REPUTATION.
COME ON, THIS WHOLE THING
IS JUST SO INNOCENT,
AND--AND IT MEANS
SO MUCH TO HER.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'D STAND IN HER WAY.
DO YOU LIKE CHOCOLATE,
MR. FINNERTY?
I LOVE CHOCOLATE...
A LOT.
WOW, YOU GOT
OUTSMARTED BY A NUN.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
I MADE A DEAL WITH
THE NUN, ALL RIGHT?
I GOT WHAT I WANTED.
AND THAT'S WHY
LILY'S UPSTAIRS,
AND HER CD COLLECTION
IS DOWNSTAIRS.
IT WAS
AWFUL, GRANDPA.
THEY WERE
BOOING ME.
AW, LILY.
YOU KNOW,
THINGS AREN'T ALWAYS
WHAT THEY SEEM.
YOU REMEMBER THAT
OLD BASEBALL PLAYER
BOOG POWELL?
NO.
EVERY TIME HE
CAME TO THE PLATE
IT SOUNDED LIKE
THEY WERE BOOING HIM...
BUT REALLY THEY WERE
SHOUTING "BOOG, BOOG."
BUT, GRANDPA,
MY NAME ISN'T BOOG
OR ANYTHING THAT
SOUNDS LIKE BOOG.
YEAH, I KNOW...
BUT PERFORMING
IS VERY HARD, LILY.
EVERY TIME
THE CURTAIN GOES UP,
YOU PUT YOURSELF
OUT THERE ON THE LINE.
BELIEVE ME, I KNOW.
DO YOU KNOW
THE PLAYERS' NAMES?
YES.
SO WHO'S ON FIRST?
UH, I KNOW THIS.
NO, I DON'T THINK SO.
Who.
I CAN'T REMEMBER.
Who's on first.
I DON'T REMEMBER.
WHO!
THIS IS VERY CONFUSING.
WHO'S ON FIRST.
LEAVE ME ALONE.
Man: YOU STINK.
YEAH, I'M GONNA
BREAK YOUR NECK, MARVIN.
THAT ROUTINE
WAS WRITTEN WRONG.
I NEVER WANT TO PERFORM
ANYTHING ANYWHERE
EVER AGAIN.
GOOD. IT'LL BRING YOU
NOTHING BUT HEARTACHE.
I WANT TO BE
THE YELLOW CAR.
FINE.
NO, ACTUALLY,
I THINK I WANT
TO BE THE BLUE CAR.
FINE.
SO YOU'RE GOING
TO BE THE RED CAR.
SURE.
NO!
I WANT TO BE
THE RED CAR.
FINE.
SO, GUYS, YOU
HAVING FUN YET?
I CAN'T GET
THIS TOGETHER.
AND JIMMY WON'T LET ME
BE THE CAR I WANT TO BE.
WHA--
JIMMY.
WHY DON'T YOU HOOK ME UP
WITH SOME CHOCOLATE, HUH?
SURE. IT'S
2 BUCKS A BAR.
YOU KNOW, I'LL JUST WAIT
TILL YOU'RE NOT LOOKING
AND TAKE ONE.
OH, COME ON, I HAVE
TO SELL THEM, MAN.
I--I--I SPENT
400 BUCKS
ON THIS CHOCOLATE.
WHAT DO YOU GUYS KNOW
ABOUT SELLING CHOCOLATE?
WE KNOW HOW
NOT TO SELL IT.
BEFORE YOUR WAITRESS
COMES OVER,
I JUST WANTED
TO TELL YOU ALL ABOUT
OUR VERY SPECIAL
DESSERTS TONIGHT.
WE HAVE A TRIO
OF CHOCOLATE BARS:
MILK, DARK, AND ALMOND.
UH, EXCUSE ME,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
CAN I HAVE
YOUR ATTENTION, PLEASE?
UH, EXCUSE ME.
I'M NOT HERE
TO HURT OR ROB YOU.
CIRCUMSTANCES
BEYOND MY CONTROL
HAVE FORCED ME
TO BE HERE
UH, ON THE STREET
AND IN THE SUBWAY,
TRYING TO RAISE MONEY
FOR A GOOD CAUSE, UH...
WHO WOULD LIKE
A CANDY BAR?
MA'AM, WOULD YOU LIKE--
MA'AM, WOULD YOU LIKE
A CANDY BAR?
EXCUSE ME, MA'AM,
WOULD YOU LIKE
TO BUY A CANDY BAR?
DO NOT MOVE AWAY FROM ME.
I'M HUMAN JUST LIKE YOU.
I DO NOT NEED A HANDOUT.
I NEED A HAND UP.
PLEASE, SIR.
SIR, WOULD YOU
LIKE TO BUY A CANDY BAR?
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
Y'ALL JUST DON'T
KNOW HOW TO MOVE PRODUCT.
AW, YEAH, YEAH,
LIKE YOU COULD HAVE
SOLD THE CHOCOLATE.
I COULD HAVE SOLD
THAT CHOCOLATE.
IT'S NOT ABOUT
THE CHOCOLATE.
IT'S ABOUT SELLING
THE IDEA OF THE CHOCOLATE.
IT'S ABOUT
THE CHOCOLATE LIFESTYLE.
OK, FINE, BE MY GUEST,
SELL THE CHOCOLATE.
NO, I'M TOO TIRED.
OH, YES.
WHAT?
SHE SMASHED
THE SOUNDTRACK
TO GREASE.
OH, YES!
THANK YOU, GOD!
WHOO!
OHH.
LILY REALLY FREAKED OUT.
I MEAN, DID SHE
SUCK THAT BAD?
NO, SEE THAT'S
THE PROBLEM.
THEY DIDN'T
SUCK AT ALL.
* THE MINUTE
YOU WALKED IN THE JOINT *
* I COULD SEE YOU WERE
A MAN OF DISTINCTION *
* A REAL BIG SPENDER
* GOOD LOOKING,
SO REFINED *
* WOULDN'T YOU
LIKE TO KNOW *
* WHAT'S GOING ON...
I DON'T KNOW WHY,
BUT I WANT
TO GIVE THAT ONE
MY ALLOWANCE.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
STOP THIS! STOP!
WH-WHAT ARE YOU--
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED.
YOUR GRANDMOTHER
SAT IN THIS CHAIR,
GOD REST HER SOUL.
OH.
AAH!
OH!
HEY, LIL.
WHY THE BIG FROWN?
Jimmy: OW, OW!
HEY, WHAT THE--
WHAT'S GOING ON?
STOP SENDING YOUR LACKEYS
TO CHEER ME UP.
YOUR PITY DISGUSTS ME.
ALL RIGHT, IT'S TIME NOW
TO PULL OUT THE BIG GUNS.
WAIT, HOW ARE YOU
GOING TO CHEER HER UP?
I'M GOING TO TAKE
A SECTION OF ORANGE PEEL
AND PUT IT IN MY TEETH
AND ACT LIKE A MONSTER.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
IT MAKES ALL
MY FRIENDS LAUGH.
YOUR FRIENDS
ARE ALL BAKED.
THAT DOESN'T
MEAN THEY'RE NOT
A DISCERNING AUDIENCE.
SIT DOWN.
THAT'S IT.
I'VE HAD IT.
I CAN'T STAND THIS
ANYMORE. I GOTTA
GO TELL HER.
OH, NO, NO, NO,
YOU DON'T.
YES, I DO. IT'S
THE RIGHT THING
TO DO.
OH, SO NOW YOU KNOW
WHAT THE RIGHT THING
TO DO IS.
IF YOU WOULD HAVE
JUST LISTENED TO ME
IN THE FIRST PLACE,
NONE OF THIS
WOULD HAVE HAPPENED.
SEAN, YOU'RE
OVERREACTING.
TRUST ME. I AM NOT.
ALL RIGHT,
THEY HAD THIS
WHOLE THING SET UP.
THEY HAD THESE--THESE
CHAIRS AND THE LEGS.
THEY WERE LIKE, "WHOO,
AHH, UHH."
WELL, IT WAS DIFFERENT
WHEN THEY DID IT.
GORDON, KEEP MOVING.
COME ON. THIS IS
JUST TEENAGE STUFF.
IT'S NORMAL. IT'S FUN.
REMEMBER HOW I WAS
BACK IN HIGH SCHOOL?
OH, YEAH.
I REMEMBER,
AND IT'S NOT HELPING
YOUR ARGUMENT ANY.
I GOTTA NAIL THAT.
GROSS.
LOOK, ALL
I'M SAYING IS,
DO YOU WANT TO BE
A GRANDMOTHER BY
THE TIME YOU'RE 32?
OH, COME ON, BE REAL.
LOOK, YOU WEREN'T
EVEN THERE.
YOU DIDN'T SEE
THE WAY SHE LOOKED.
IT WAS LIKE--
FUN...
SO SHE WAS
WORKING IT A LITTLE.
OH, NO, NO,
NOT A LITTLE.
WE'RE TALKING--
LAUGHS...
SEAN, PLEASE.
THIS IS A LILY I HAVE
NEVER SEEN BEFORE.
GOOD TIMES.
OK, THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
NO, NO, IT'S SCARY.
YEAH, BUT WANTING
TO LOOK SEXY
IS NOT THE SAME THING
AS WANTING TO HAVE SEX.
LILY, COME HERE.
YOU FATHER HAS
A LITTLE PROBLEM
WITH YOUR DANCE ROUTINE.
YEAH, I KNOW.
HE CONFISCATED MY CHAIR.
OK, LOOK,
I'VE GOT NOTHING
AGAINST DANCING.
ALL RIGHT, BUT
THERE'S A KIND YOU
DO WITH A PARTNER,
AND THERE'S
A KIND YOU DO
OUT BY THE AIRPORT.
DAD, IT WAS JUST AN ACT.
YEAH, REMEMBER
WHEN WE WENT TO SEE
HENRY'S CLASS
DO WINNIE THE POOH?
YOU KNEW HENRY
WASN'T A REAL PIGLET.
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS
ARE GOING TO BE GREAT.
I SAY HAVE FUN.
THANK YOU, MOM.
YOU ARE WELCOME.
YOU SEE, I WAS
TRYING TO NIP IT
IN THE BUD, BUT NO.
OH, OK, SHUT UP.
YOU SHOULD
HAVE LISTENED
TO THAT GOOD NUN
IN THE FIRST
PLACE.
YOU WOULD HAVE
AVOIDED THIS
WHOLE THING.
ALL RIGHT, YOU'RE RIGHT.
I REALIZE THAT,
BUT BY THE TIME
I SAW THE LIGHT,
IT WAS TOO LATE.
SISTER HELEN,
BIG SPENDER IS A SONG
ABOUT PROSTITUTES.
I KNOW THAT,
MR. FINNERTY.
IT'S LEWD.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
IS THERE
ANYTHING ELSE?
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
PULL IT FROM THE SHOW.
DO WHAT YOU WANTED
TO DO IN THE FIRST PLACE.
YOU HAVE MY BLESSING.
OH, I'M AFRAID IT'S
TOO LATE, MR. FINNERTY.
THE PROGRAMS HAVE
ALREADY BEEN PRINTED.
THE PROGRAMS? WHO GIVES
A RAT'S AS-K ANYBODY...
NO ONE READS THE PROGRAMS.
I THINK WE'RE FINISHED.
OH, WHOA, WHOA,
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
I THINK THAT
WE CAN MAYBE, UH,
MAKE SOME KIND
OF ARRANGEMENT HERE.
HMM?
AND WHAT WOULD THAT BE?
WELL, TO SHOW
MY APPRECIATION
FOR YOUR TAKING
A MOMENT TO HEAR
MY CONCERNS...
PERHAPS I SHOULD
BUY SOME MORE OF
THAT TASTY CHOCOLATE, HUH?
WELL, THAT
WOULD BE VERY NICE.
HOW MANY BOXES
SHOULD I GET?
SHALL WE SAY...
UM, 20?
FINE.
UH, LET'S MAKE IT 30.
IT'S FOR
A GOOD CAUSE, RIGHT?
THAT WOULD BE WONDERFUL.
IF YOU WOULD JUST
INITIAL THIS PROMISSORY
NOTATION THERE.
THAT WOULD BE GOOD.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
OH, UH...
I ASSUME THAT YOU'LL
BE TELLING LILY.
EXCUSE ME?
THAT HER MUSICAL
NUMBER'S BEEN CUT.
OH, I'M SORRY,
MR. FINNERTY,
BUT THE PROGRAMS
HAVE ALREADY BEEN PRINTED.
I THINK I WAS
QUITE CLEAR ABOUT THAT.
WHAT?
UH, SISTER CAMILLE.
WOULD YOU PLEASE
HELP MR. FINNERTY
WITH A CART
FOR HIS CHOCOLATE?
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT, GIRLS,
HOW'RE WE DOING?
ALL RIGHT,
THAT'S VERY GOOD.
YOU TRIED
TO BRIBE A NUN!
YES, YES!
EVERYONE HAS THEIR PRICE.
NOT A NUN.
FINE, DAD.
KEEP LIVING IN YOUR
LITTLE FANTASY WORLD.
NUNS AREN'T IN IT
FOR THE MONEY.
THEY AREN'T.
OK.
STOP IT.
COME ON, GUYS.
YOU'RE NOT
PLAYING IT RIGHT.
YOU GOTTA GIVE IT
A LITTLE MORE JUICE.
OH, YOU WANT TO SEE
WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN WE GIVE IT
A LITTLE JUICE?
YEAH.
WHOA, WHOA!
MMMMMM!
ARE YOU TRYING
TO CHEER ME UP?
MAYBE.
DON'T.
SO YOU HAD
A LITTLE DOSE
OF PUBLIC
HUMILIATION, HUH?
BIG TIME.
I BEEN THERE.
SOMETIMES YOU'RE
JUST GONNA SUCK.
THAT'S OK?
NO, THAT'S HORRIBLE.
IS THIS SUPPOSED
TO BE ADVISE?
NO, I'M JUST RAMBLING.
BUT I'LL GIVE YOU
ONE PIECE OF ADVISE.
AIM LOW, THAT WAY
YOU DON'T END UP
SO DISAPPOINTED.
BUT I THOUGHT I COULD BE
ANYTHING I DREAMED?
NO, THAT'S CRAP.
IF PEOPLE COULD BE
ANYTHING THEY DREAMED
THE WORLD WOULD BE
FULL OF MOVIE STARS
AND--AND ASTRONAUTS,
AND THEN--THEN WHO WOULD
MAKE THE SANDWICHES?
THAT MAKES SENSE.
HEY, LIL, YOU OK?
YEAH, YEAH.
I'M TAKING
EDDIE'S ADVISE.
I'M GONNA
AIM LOWER.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I THOUGHT
I WAS TALENTED,
AND IT TURNS OUT
I'M NOT.
SO I QUIT.
IT'S OK.
THE WORLD NEEDS
SANDWICH MAKERS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
STAY UNDER THE RADAR.
HONEY,
YOU HAVE TALENT.
REALLY. YOU HAVE
A LOT OF TALENT.
MOM, PLEASE.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING TO THE GIRL?
I'M TELLING
HER THE TRUTH.
OH, BAD MOVE,
BAD MOVE, BAD MOVE.
SEAN, PLEASE.
YOU SEE YOU
COULDN'T REALLY
SEE THE WHOLE
STORY...
ON STAGE.
OOH, HERE
COMES LILY.
BOY, CAN'T WAIT.
OH, COME ON, SEAN.
SIT BACK AND SMILE.
YOU CAN HANDLE IT.
YOU'RE MY BRAVE
LITTLE MAN.
* THE MINUTE YOU
WALKED IN THE JOINT *
* I COULD SEE YOU WERE
A MAN OF DISTINCTION *
* A REAL BIG SPENDER
* GOOD LOOKING
* SO REFINED
* SO WOULDN'T
YOU LIKE TO KNOW *
* WHAT'S GOING ON
IN MY MIND? *
* SO LET ME GET
RIGHT TO THE POINT *
* I DON'T POP MY CORK
* FOR EVERY GUY I SEE
* HEY, BIG SPENDER
* SPEND
* A LITTLE TIME WITH ME
GOOD GOD, CHECK OUT
THE REDHEAD.
I KNOW HER.
SHE'S A 10th GRADER.
NO WAY.
THIS IS HOT!
Boy: SHAKE IT!
OW!
SHH!
* FUN, FUN, FUN
* HOW'S ABOUT A LITTLE
* FUN
* LAUGHS, LAUGHS
* I CAN SHOW YOU A
* GOOD TIME
* THE MINUTE YOU
WALKED IN THE JOINT *
* I COULD SEE YOU WERE
A MAN OF DISTINCTION *
* A REAL BIG SPENDER
* GOOD LOOKING
OH, I WISH
I WAS THAT CHAIR.
* SO REFINED
* SO WOULDN'T
YOU LIKE TO KNOW *
* WHAT'S GOING ON
IN MY MIND?... *
I THINK I'M POPPING
MY CORK RIGHT NOW.
DO SOMETHING.
I AM. I'M WATCHING
THE SHOW LIKE YOU
TOLD ME.
I'D LIKE TO SPEND
A LITTLE TIME WITH HER.
SHE IS 15 YEARS OLD.
SO AM I.
* HEY, BIG SPENDER
* HEY, BIG SPENDER...
I WANT THESE BOYS
KICKED OUT OF HERE.
JUST HOLD ON. I
HAVE IT UNDER CONTROL,
SISTER.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
THAT'S MY DAUGHTER!
WOULD YOU SHUT UP!
SIT DOWN!
YOU SHUT UP!
GET THE HECK
OUT OF HERE!
YOU WANT
A PIECE OF SEAN?
YOU'RE RUINING
THE WHOLE SHOW,
FINNERTY.
YOU'RE RUINING
THE WHOLE SHOW.
GET OUT OF HERE.
YOU STINK!
HAVE YOU NO SHAME?
SO YOU SEE.
IT WASN'T YOU.
YOU DIDN'T SUCK.
YEAH? YOU DID.
HOW COULD
YOU DO THAT?
I'M SORRY.
I JUST HAVE ALWAYS
THOUGHT WE HAD
THIS REALLY GOOD OPEN
RELATIONSHIP.
YOU KNOW, WE ALWAYS
UNDERSTOOD EACH OTHER,
AND TONIGHT,
I JUST LOST IT.
I MEAN, I JUST--
I DIDN'T WANT
YOU TO THINK
I WAS ONE OF THOSE
TYPICAL, UPTIGHT,
PRUDISH MOMS.
WHICH YOU ARE.
I KNOW.
YOU WERE REALLY
GREAT TONIGHT, HONEY.
OHH!
HOW OLD WERE THOSE BOYS
THAT WERE HOOTING FOR ME?
I DON'T KNOW.
10th GRADERS,
MAYBE 11th.
AND THEY WERE SAYING
STUFF LIKE, "OOH, BABY,"
STUFF LIKE THAT?
YEAH, IT
WAS DISTURBING.
THAT IS SO COOL!
I CAN'T WAIT
TO DO IT AGAIN.
OH, GREAT NEWS.
YOU'RE COMING,
RIGHT, GRANDPA?
ONLY IF YOU WANT
AN AUDIENCE
FULL OF DEAD BOYS.
SO--SO HOW DOES
IT FEEL, BABY?
WHAT?
HOW DOES IT FEEL
TO BE ME?
OH...
YOU MEAN A BIG
FLAMING ASS?
IT'S HORRIBLE.
I DON'T KNOW
HOW YOU DO THIS
DAY IN AND DAY OUT.
OH, IT'S JUST A GIFT.
HEY, HEY,
WHERE THE HELL
DID YOU GET THAT?
WELL, THEY'RE
ALL OVER THE PLACE.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
THEY'RE 2 BUCKS A POP.
I ALREADY PAID EDDIE
A BUCK FOR THIS.
WHAT?! EDDIE!
IT'S A VERY SIMPLE JOKE.
THE FAT GUY DOESN'T
UNDERSTAND IT
WHEN THE SKINNY
GUY TELLS HIM
THE PLAYERS' NAMES.
THAT DOESN'T SOUND FUNNY.
IT IS, BECAUSE WHO
PLAYS FIRST,
WHAT'S ON SECOND,
AND I DON'T KNOW
IS ON THIRD.
NEITHER DO I.
THAT'S WHY I KEEP
FORGETTING THE LINES.
NO, HIS NAME IS
"I DON'T KNOW."
WELL, THAT'S NOT FUNNY.
THAT'S MORONIC.
IT'S FUNNY
BECAUSE THE FAT GUY
LOSES HIS TEMPER.
WELL, WHAT'S FUNNY
ABOUT THAT?